docs: Removing obsolete info about administrative user. Updating GDPR procedure (#2574)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/removing-user-data-in-compliance-with-the-gdpr.adoc

[id="removing-user-data-in-compliance-with-the-gdpr"]
= Removing user data in compliance with the GDPR

You can remove a user’s data on {ocp} in compliance with the link:https://gdpr.eu/[General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)] that enforces the right of individuals to have their personal data erased. The process for other {kubernetes} infrastructures might vary. Follow the user management best practices of the provider you are using for the {prod} installation.

WARNING: Removing user data as follows is irreversible! All removed data is deleted and unrecoverable!

.Prerequisites

> * An active `oc` session with administrative permissions for the {ocp} cluster. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html[Getting started with the OpenShift CLI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An active `oc` session with administrative permissions for the {ocp} cluster. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html[Getting started with the OpenShift CLI].
* Verify that the resources associated with the selected user (such as projects, roles, or service accounts) were deleted.
```

Author: this should be part of procedure, not pre-req

Reviewer: ok, got it. in that case, I wouldn't present it as an admonition but make it a regular first step of the procedure.

Author: well, this step can vary, so I would leave it as was done originally

> * An active `oc` session with administrative permissions for the {ocp} cluster. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp4-ver}/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html[Getting started with the OpenShift CLI].

Reviewer: This link leads to the 4.10 version of the guide which isn't the latest one. Do you want to keep the link as is or change it to always point to the latest version of the guide?

Author: This uses `{ocp4-ver}` parameter. @deerskindoll how would you point to the latest without a hard-coding version in the URL?

Reviewer: you use `latest` instead of `{ocp4-ver}` in the link:

https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html

Author: good catch, let's use latest :+1:

Author: @deerskindoll could you please provide GitHub suggestion?

Reviewer: sure!

> * An active `oc` session with administrative permissions for the {ocp} cluster. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp4-ver}/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html[Getting started with the OpenShift CLI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An active `oc` session with administrative permissions for the {ocp} cluster. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html[Getting started with the OpenShift CLI].
```

.Procedure

> . List all the users in the OpenShift cluster using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Find the user you wish to delete:
```

Author: well, the procedure is exactly list, not find

Author: @deerskindoll could you please re-phrase it e.g. list and find?

Reviewer: let's keep your original text, then.

> . To identify the user you want to delete, list all the users in the OpenShift cluster using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. List all the users in the OpenShift cluster using the following command:
```

+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,macros,attributes"]
----
$ oc get users
----

> . Choose the user you want to delete, and use the following command to delete the user entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Delete the user entry:
```

> . Once you have identified the user you want to delete, you can use the following command to delete the user entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Choose the user you want to delete, and use the following command to delete the user entry:
```

> IMPORTANT: If the user has any associated resources (such as projects, roles, or service accounts), you need to delete those first before deleting the user.

Reviewer: Since this is a crucial step, I think we should move it to prerequisites. 

How do I delete the user's associated resources? By editing the `checluster` custom resource file?

Author: no, it is not related to CR

Reviewer: is the process documented? I assumed it's related to CR but that's not the case.

Author: that process can vary, you can follow up on the `User removal according to GDPR on OpenShift v4` mailing thread

> IMPORTANT: If the user has any associated resources (such as projects, roles, or service accounts), you will need to delete those first before deleting the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If the user has any associated resources (such as projects, roles, or service accounts), you need to delete those first before deleting the user.
```

[source,shell,subs="+quotes,macros,attributes"]
----

> $ oc delete user <username>

Reviewer: is the command correct? shouldn't `_<username>_` be used instead?

Author: not sure what is the difference, in the preview it is rendered correctly I think

Reviewer: Max pointed out to me that the formatting was different originally, with _<username>_ instead of <username>., that's all.

Author: I do not think we need it, since it renders correctly - https://641c272f00b4fb02dd36ddc5--eclipse-che-docs-pr.netlify.app/docs/next/administration-guide/removing-user-data-in-compliance-with-the-gdpr/

Reviewer: ok, understood
